Connor Lord
ID:01409362
email: connor_lord@student.uml.edu
Assignment: Programming assignment 1 - Using shape algorithms with canvas.

How to use:

This webpage is simple, there is a canvas on the page that can be drawn on using 
the tools below. The canvas has a few shapes that are already drawn onto it just 
for an example. The first row of buttons decide what shape will be drawn on the 
canvas and the options are line, circle, ellipse, rectangle, polygon, and polyline; 
and line will be the chosen shape by default. The button below this row is a 
polygon end button, which will close off a started polygon using the polygon button 
above. To draw on the canvas, simply pick the shape that you want, and then click 
on the canvas where you want the shape to start, and then click again somewhere on 
the canvas to display the shape in the size that is specified by your clicks. The 
line tool will draw a line by clicking once and then drawing the line from that 
starting point to the next point clicked. The circle and ellipse tool work by 
specifying the center on the shape with the first click, and then display the shape 
with the second click, which will detail what the radii of each circle or ellipse 
should be. The rectangle tool works using two clicks to specify the two diagonal 
corners of a rectangle, and drawing it to the canvas. The polygon and polyline 
tools are essentially the same tools, that work by repeatedly using the line tool, 
and and having every line attach to the previous line. To close a polygon, press 
the polygon end button, and the started polygon will be closed from the first point 
to the last. There is also an added clear button, which will clear everything drawn 
on the canvas. The final row of buttons are color options for the shapes, including 
red, orange, yellow, green, blue, purple, and black. Simply press the color that 
you want, and then pick the type of shape that you want to draw, and it will be 
drawn in that color.