Connor Lord
ID:01409362
email: connor_lord@student.uml.edu
Assignment: Programming assignment 2



With question 1, unfortunately with all the other work I had to do, I could 
not figure out how to do this question and have wasted time with trying to 
figure out the fractal function. Online sources didn't help on this one, 
either unfortunately, I could not find anything that would have helped me 
complete this question. What is there is simply my line tool from the first 
asignment, with all the function I added, like colors and line thickness.

With question 2, I completed this problem with relative ease. I really felt 
that this question was a lot simpler and managable. As the question states, 
a number (score) starting at 100 will allow the user to create a wheel, where 
the first click on the canvas will be the starting point and the second click 
will specify the radius of the wheel. The score entered defaults to 100, but 
if changed to a number between 99 and 80 inclusively, an ellipse will be 
drawn, with the difference of 100 and the entered score specifying the percent 
difference in the two radii in the ellipse. If a score between 79 and 3 
inclusively is entered, then an equilateral shape of the score's number of 
sides will be drawn on each second click. And by default, with a score of 100, 
the shape drawn will be a circle. Using other shapes, I have the page set to 
draw the tire, axel and bolts for every wheel type. I also added colors options 
and line thickness options that change what's drawn when clicked. And finally 
a clear button to clear the canvas.

Sources:
This site was used to build the basis for midpoint algorithm for a circle.
https://codepen.io/sdvg/pen/oFACy

This site was used to help build the midpoint algorithm for a circle.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bresenham's_line_algorithm

This site was used to help build the midpoint algorithm for an ellipse.
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/15474122/is-there-a-midpoint-ellipse-algorithm

Site used to build a polygon algorithm that creates equilateral polygons
http://wp.storminthecastle.com/2013/07/24/how-you-can-draw-regular-polygons-with-the-html5-canvas-api/
